While firmly holding the baston using your right hand, place your right arm on your left chest making the baston and your body vertically straight as possible, your left arm resting on the left side of your body, and your leg closed  with your feet 45 deegree open.
Strike your opponent with your right hand higher than the shoulder and the arnis baston pointing to the right. Place the left hand by your right chest near the shoulder.
Strike your opponent with your right hand higher than the shoulder and the arnis baston pointing to the left. Place the left hand by your right chest near the shoulder.
Strike your opponent with your right hand lower than the shoulder and the arnis baston pointing to the right. Place the left hand by your right chest near the shoulder.
Strike your opponent with your right hand lower than the shoulder and the arnis baston pointing to the left. Place the left hand by your right chest near the shoulder.
Thrust to the opponent's stomach with the right hand by your right hip and the arnis baston pointing upwards. Place your left hand between your right shoulder and elbow.
Face to the right, then thrust to the opponent's left chest with the forearm in level with the shoulder and the hand lower than the shoulder. Place the left hand between the right shoulder and elbow.
Face to the left, then thrust to the opponent's right chest with the forearm in level with the shoulder and the hand lower than the shoulder. Place the left hand between right the shoulder and elbow.
Face front then strike the opponent's right leg/knee with the hand on the side of your right hip. The wrist must face down and the arnis baston pointing to the left. Place the left hand by your right chest near the shoulder.
Face front then strike the opponent's left leg/knee with the hand on the side of right hip. The wrist must face up and the arnis baston pointing to the right. Place the left hand by your right chest near the shoulder.
Face to the right, then thrust to the opponent's left eye with the forearm in level with the shoulder and the hand higher than the shoulder. Place the left hand between your right shoulder and elbow.
Face to the left, then thrust to the opponent's left eye with the forearm in level with the shoulder the hand higher than the shoulder. Place the left hand between your right shoulder and elbow.
Strike your opponent on the head, with the right hand stretched in front of your stomach and the arnis baston pointing upwards. Place the left hand between your right wrist and elbow.
Face to the left, perform an outside block by bringing the arnis baston forward supported by the raised left hand at the middle of the baston.
Face to the right, perform an outside block by bringing the arnis baston forward supported by the raised left hand at the middle of the baston.
Face to the left, perform an outside block by bringing the arnis baston forward, supported by the left hand at the middle of the baston.
Face to the right, perform an outside block by bringing the arnis baston forward, supported by the left hand at the middle of the baston.
Face to the left, position the right hand near your left shoulder, elbows raised with the arnis baston pointing downwards away from the body.
Face to the left, perform an outside block by bringing the arnis baston forward, supported by the left hand at the middle of the baston.
Face to the right, perform an outside block by bringing the arnis baston forward, supported by the left hand at the middle of the baston.
Face to the front, perform an outside block by bringing the arnis baston to your right, pointing downwards. Place the left hand on the left chest.
Face to the front, perform an outside block by bringing the arnis between the center of your body and right hip, pointing downwards. Place the left hand on the left chest.
Face to the left, perform an outside block by bringing the arnis baston forward supported by the raised left hand at the middle of the baston.
Face to the right, perform an outside block by bringing the arnis baston forward supported by the raised left hand at the middle of the baston.
Raise the baston over the head with the hands on each end of the baston to block the opponent's blow.